how's it going guys what am I to review
and today we're playing Bonnie simulator
so we get to play age Bonnie the bunny
oh hello I know they're so we're in the
guard view right now let's go to one be
all right um so we're just gonna have a
Bonnie all right all times gone by I
move yet how do I go let go back here I
think so um yeah all right all right
the guard is checking in on us
the office is from the guards when you
cannot interrupt or anything to stop the
attack button will get that night guard
night god I'm gonna kick your ah sorry
let's go we're not foxy though I like
the music okay come on get ready to
attack get ready to attack Rock yes we
did it we kill the night guard awesome
else gone that was fun
you got 50 points there's a shock who
this aim is looking to be cool let's
play again i want to put another round
of this this is little gonna be a cool
game alright so let's go here one be a
Mongol one be all right now go to 2a I
want to I want to check the supply crate
balls it out awesome awesome all right
now get out of there you worthless piece
of trash all right go there come on get
ready to attack Bonnie get ready
ravani
yes he's dead awesome I was looking on
the right and instead his cameras up so
we won guys we beat the game what see
how many points we got this time
well we got like double that's awesome
ce credits that's a lot of credits yeah
I hope you get in to reveal if you
didn't leave a like if you to my channel
hit that subscribe button and a few guys
once you see more of this when the game
gets updated with new features new
animatronics then leave a comment down
below but until next time guys I'll see
y'all later pace out